The Minecraft Copper Age drop is finally
here, but there's one tricky issue
preventing me from upgrading my Forever
World to get the new content, and it
probably affects your world, too. The
drop adds copper variants of tons of
blocks in the game, like chests, chains,
and iron bars, which are all amazing for
decorating. But it also adds oxidation
stages to lightning rods, meaning that
every single lightning rod I've ever
placed in my world will begin changing
colors if I upgrade. And obviously, I
can't wax them before upgrading because
that wasn't a thing before. So, I'll
somehow have to go around and locate
every single rod I've placed and wax
them as soon as possible after
upgrading, which is honestly a small
problem for me, but these lightning rods
have been so useful for pipes and
railings that I know some players who
have literally placed tens of thousands
of these in their survival worlds, and
they're all about to turn blue. To be
nice to the community, Mojang could
pre-wax all of our rods for us when we
update to the new drop. But instead, I
have a feeling this will go down as the
update where all of our rods blew up.